Simplify sharding guidelines. (#92674)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/how-to/size-your-shards.asciidoc

}
----

Note that it is discouraged to combine indices that have different mappings.
While this would help reduce index and shard counts, the combined index would
have larger mappings and be less search-efficient.

[discrete]
[[shard-sizing-considerations]]
=== Sizing considerations

> Keep the following things in mind when building your sharding strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the following things in mind when sizing your shards.
```
